Multiple ways can do installation of an Operating System:
-	Bootable Pendrive
-	CD
-	Internet/Network

Virtualization:  	
Virtualization is a process of creating virtual or logical resources from physical resources. It enables the efficient utilization of hardware resources by abstracting them and allowing multiple virtual instances to run on a single physical machine.
At the core of virtualization technology is the hypervisor, also known as a virtual machine monitor (VMM). The hypervisor is a software or firmware layer that enables the creation and management of virtual machines (VMs). It acts as an intermediary between the physical hardware and the virtual instances running on it.

The most condition is your motherboard should support virtualization.
To check that:
Win+R > msinfo32 > Check if hyper-v / virtualization is enabled

Hypervisor

TYPE 1 Hypervisor (Bare Metal Hypervisor):
A Type 1 hypervisor, also known as a bare metal hypervisor, runs directly on the physical hardware of a host machine. It provides virtualization capabilities without relying on a separate operating system. Here are some key characteristics of Type 1 hypervisors:
1. Direct hardware access: Type 1 hypervisors have direct access to the underlying hardware resources, allowing them to efficiently manage and allocate resources to virtual machines (VMs).
2. Enhanced performance: Since Type 1 hypervisors run directly on the hardware, they typically offer better performance compared to Type 2 hypervisors, as there is no additional layer of an operating system between the hypervisor and the hardware.
3. Higher scalability: Type 1 hypervisors are designed for enterprise-level virtualization and can handle large-scale deployments with numerous VMs running concurrently.
4. Examples: Popular Type 1 hypervisor include VMware ESXi, Microsoft Hyper-V, Citrix XenServer, and KVM (Kernel-based Virtual Machine).
TYPE 2 Hypervisor (Hosted Hypervisor):
A Type 2 hypervisor, also known as a hosted hypervisor, runs as a software layer on top of an existing operating system. It requires an underlying operating system to provide hardware access and manage resources. Here are some key characteristics of Type 2 hypervisors:
1. Operating system dependency: Type 2 hypervisors rely on an underlying operating system for hardware access and resource management. They are installed as applications within the host operating system.
2. Easy installation and setup: Type 2 hypervisors are typically easier to install and set up compared to Type 1 hypervisors since they utilize an existing operating system.
3. Simplicity and flexibility: Type 2 hypervisors are often used for personal or small-scale virtualization needs. They offer the flexibility to run multiple guest operating systems on top of the host operating system.
4. Examples: Common Type 2 hypervisors include Oracle VirtualBox, VMware Workstation, VMware Fusion (for macOS), and Microsoft Virtual PC.
Overall, Type 1 hypervisors are generally more suitable for enterprise-level virtualization, high-performance workloads, and server consolidation, while Type 2 hypervisors are often used for personal virtualization, development environments, and testing purposes due to their ease of use and flexibility.

Installation:
-	Create an Account on Red Hat
-	Download VMware: https://www.vmware.com/in/products/workstation-pro/workstation-pro-evaluation.html
-	Download Linux image: https://developers.redhat.com/products/rhel/download
-	To Install VMware will require a Licence KEY. You can get it for free on Google.
-	Setup Linux on VM with recommended settings

System Registration:
It could be done at 3 places. 
1. While installing steps.
  In one of the windows when you select a user name, root name, and disk selection at that time you also have the option to add your Redhat account.
2. While setting up the account.
3. From the terminal. remember, you should have root access for the following commands
#subscription-manager register
#username (redhat)
#password
#subscription-manager attach

Alternative. (I think this may work. Testing is not done.)
#subscription-manager register –username <username> --password <password> --autoattach

